NEWS.md: add release notes for v0.10.0 (#151)
flux-framework/flux-accounting: NEWS.md

flux-accounting version 0.10.0 - 2021-09-30
-------------------------------------------

#### Fixes

* Fix bug in add-user where wrong number of arguments were passed to function (#140)

> * Fix bug in edit-user where edit made in one user/bank row was reflected in all of a user's rows in the flux-accounting database (#140)

Reviewer: "was reflected" or "wasn't reflected?" 

You are probably right but I just wanted to make sure. I looked at #140 but from its high level description I wasn't sure.

Author: "was reflected" should be the right description - the fix was to make it so that an edit made in one user/bank row was _only_ made in just that one row instead of in multiple rows.

Reviewer: Great! I find this additional description is a bit clearer than the original. Perhaps we use that instead? Thoughts?

```suggestion
* Fix bug in edit-user to ensure an edit made in one user/bank row was only made in just that one row instead of in multiple rows in the flux-accounting database (#140)
```

Author: Sure! That's a great suggestion; I'll push that change up. Thanks!
